DOC-4051: Node shell documentation updates (#647)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.9/enterprise/node/operating/shell.md

> ## Ways of using the Corda shell

Reviewer: Not sure about this title

There are three ways of using the Corda shell:

* A standalone application which you can run using `corda-standalone-shell`.

> * A driver within your node, accessible via the `corda-shell.jar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A driver within your node, accessible via `corda-shell.jar`.
```

Where:

>   - `config-file=<configFile>`, `--f`: The path to the shell configuration file, used instead of providing the rest of the command line options. The configuration file options map the command line options described below, one on each line. Here's an example of a configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `config-file=<configFile>`, `--f`: The path to the shell configuration file, used instead of providing the rest of the command line options. The configuration file options map the command line options described below, one on each line. The following is an example of a configuration file:
```
